# ProjectManagement
Project Grader is a single platform for both Teachers and Students having multiple functionalities.
It consists of dual login system one for students and one for professors, each type of user has their own unique dashboard. 

In the Student section, a new student has to register with an unique username and fill the other necessary details. After the registration the student is directed to the login page for the login process.Once the student has logged in they are shown two options one is to add new project and the other is to view previous projects.The student has to add their new project using the new project from provided on their dashboard and tag the professor who is going to review it. Each new project entry is given a unique project id. The student also has an access to view,edit and delete their previous projects.

In the Teacher’s section, the teacher is shown the list of projects they have been tagged in. They can view the details of the project by pressing the full view option. At the end of full view of the project the teacher is given a grading button to grade the particular project. Each project has to be judged on different criterias and to be marked out of five for each criteria. The average total of all the fields will be calculated. The teacher also has the provision to put their suggestions for that particular project. Once a project has been graded, the average total and the suggestions will be reflected on the Student’s dashboard as well as on the Teacher’s dashboard.

This platform helps students and Teacher to add, view and grade projects on one place which saves their time that is spent on switching to multiple platforms to get the work done. It also helps Students to keep a systematic record of all their project submissions and project grades.
